docs/api/vue/mixins.md, before:

---
sidebarDepth: -1
title: Mixins
---

# Why mixins?

This approach is on purpose: **you have to explicitly determine which components are going to use this plugin**. It doesn't bloat every component's state, methods, lifecycle hooks, etc., with metadata about this plugin: less code, less execution time, less memory consumption.

# FormMixin

It injects data, watchers, lifecycle hooks and methods to the component. It also provides two functions which are internally used by `FieldMixin` to comunicate between them.

## Usage

```js
import FormMixin from '@validate-me/vue/FormMixin';

export default {
  mixins: [FormMixin],
};
```

## Public API

### validate

- Firm:

```ts
validate(): boolean;
```

1. If the form is pristine, it touches every field.
2. If the form is invalid, returns `false`.
3. Clears every field's warning.
4. Returns `true`.

### process

- Firm:

```ts
process(error: any): Promise<void>
```

Receives something from the server, process it using the `errorHandler` configured in the plugin, and loads every new rule.

Commit message:

feat(react): integrate input rules using the core function `getRules` (#16)
* Update & upgrade dev packages

* feat(react): add `getRules` to integrate input types rules

* fix(vue): check lists now accept an object instead of an array

* feat(react): Add integration with checkbox and checkbox lists

* refactor(react): Improve how hooks are used

Reduced from 7 to 3 the times an input is normally called from the
beginning.

* Make vue pkg follow the same process as the react pkg

- Simplify the mixins.
- Form validation now returns the same data structure as the react pkg.
- Add vField as data object to prevent name collision with user data.

* feat: Update & upgrade deps

* feat(react): Add integration with radio inputs

* feat: Increment from 1kb to 1.3kb the bundlesize limit

* feat: Add webpack-production bundlesize

* feat(core): Improve email type validation

- Add default email pattern.
- Add flags arg to the pattern rule.

- feat(react): Add number and email inputs

* feat: Add webpack cache-loader

* feat(react): Reintroduce the use of React Context

To share the form instace deep into the inputs.

It also fix a minor bug in vue's FormMixin.

* docs: Update docs to match react's and vue's new API

* refactor: Reduce bundle size

docs/api/vue/mixins.md, after:

---
sidebarDepth: -1
title: Mixins
---

# Why mixins?

This approach is on purpose: **you have to explicitly determine which components are going to use this plugin**. It doesn't bloat every component's state, methods, lifecycle hooks, etc., with metadata about this plugin: less code, less execution time, less memory consumption.

# FormMixin

It injects data, watchers, lifecycle hooks and methods to the component. It also provides two functions which are internally used by `FieldMixin` to comunicate between them.

## Usage

```js
import FormMixin from '@validate-me/vue/FormMixin';

export default {
  mixins: [FormMixin],
};
```

## Public API

### validate

- Firm:

```ts
validate(): boolean;
```

1. If the form is pristine, it touches every field.
2. If the form is invalid, returns `[false]`.
3. Clears every field's warning.
4. Returns `[true, fields]` where `fields` is an object representing each field and its values.

### process

- Firm:

```ts
process(error: any): Promise<void>
```

Receives something from the server, process it using the `errorHandler` configured in the plugin, and loads every new rule.
