packages/core/README.md, before:

# @validate-me/core

Main package for `validate-me`. It contains everything to run client side validations with any kind of JS framework or with vanilla JS.

> validate-me stands for the "client asking the server to validate its data"

The main objective of `validate-me` is to enforce server side validations. There's one difference between client side validation and server side validation: the first one makes the UX better, the second makes the security better. Hence the purpose of this library is to rehydrate server side validations into the client inputs.

## Why I would use this library instead of X or Y?

1. You can instanciate each validation item without specifying any rule. Once the data is sent to the server, and if it returns a validation error, `Validateme` process the error and injects the known rules into the failed fields.
2. If the server returns an error with unkown rules, it will warn the user about it.

## Oficial page

TODO

## Documentation site

TODO

## Example site

TODO

Commit message:

Improve core n add docs (#5)
* ⚙️ Rename ValidatemeInput to ValidatemeField

* ⚙️ Rename isSuccess for isValid

* 🐛 Fix ValidatemeDictionary loader process


🏇 Improve ValidatemeDictionary load process

* 🆕 Add vuepress dep

* 📝 Add documentation website!

* ⚙️ Add spanish dictionary to web for testing

* 🚀 Add deploy docs script

* 🐛 Fix vue-plugin references to vue

packages/core/README.md, after:

# @validate-me/core

Main package for `validate-me`. It contains everything to run client side validations with any kind of JS framework or with vanilla JS.

> validate-me stands for "client asking the server to validate its data"

The main objective of `validate-me` is to enforce server side validations. There's one difference between client side validation and server side validation: the first one makes the UX better, the second makes the security better. Hence the purpose of this library is to rehydrate server side validations into the client inputs.

## Why I would use this library instead of X or Y?

1. You can instanciate each validation field without specifying any rule. Once the data is sent to the server, and if it returns a validation error, `Validateme` process the error and injects the known rules into the failed fields.
2. If the server returns an error with unkown rules, it will warn the user about it.

## 🚀 Roadmap

We still have a *long road to go*, this is just the beginning. So to further improve **validate-me** we've created a roadmap so that you can see the next features and improvements and **give your feedback about**:

<a href="https://validate-me.canny.io/feature-requests" target="_blank">
  <img src="https://cdn-std.dprcdn.net/files/acc_649651/ogSCYY" alt="Validateme Roadmap" width="300">
</a>
